So the next exercise that we'll work on is
to look at the code that we have so far.
And we're gonna grab instead
of using context directly,
we're going to destructure it.
Which means that we're
gonna create an object, and
then we're gonna use the specific pieces
of it that we will need in our mutation.
In this particular exercise,
I hope it was fairly straightforward.
We didn't add any extra code.
All we did was update the existing code,
and it doesn't really do anything.
It just makes it a bit more clean.
So let's just go over
what that looks like.
So, I'm specifically, and
the exercise specifically asked for
you to destructure the context object.
Which is available on the actions,
default parameter that actions get.
So, all you have to do is you're
just instead of using context,
you're just grabbing commit specifically.
And then all you do next
is you grab every instance
of context.commit in that specific action.
And then you change it appropriately.
And then you would iterate through every
single instance, and change it as such.
And then that's a really simple way,
so it's a bit cleaner.
Rather than having to chain like
context.commit is a bit ugly, and
not very readable sometimes.
And I automatically look at my action, and
I know that I'm only
committing a mutation.
I'm not checking state,
I'm not checking ghettos, and so on.